feat: collab docs (#4193)
biomejs/website: src/content/docs/blog/collaboration-new-docs.mdx

---
title: "Investing resources where it matters"
excerpt: |

>   Biome will collaborate with Sarah and Yan to improve the documentation and developer experience of the project.

Reviewer: nit: include last names?

Two big, clear examples:
- After the launch of GritQL plugins, we have received many reports of users that couldn't find good examples, or at least a way to easily introduce users to the concept. All we did was to redirect the users to the GritQL website.
- Monorepo was another feature that users asked for a while, and even though we tried to provide examples and explanation, some users struggle to understand the right behavior of the feature. Some other users rightfully flagged that some information in missing, leaving some holes in how the feature is supposed to work in some cases.
- The documentation of the  [`organizeImport`](add local link to assist action), when shipped, was very technical and too focused on how the feature worked, and it wasn't written for the end-user.

So while we delivered something of good quality from one hand, on the other hand, we couldn't provide such quality on other parts of the project.

## We want to invest in good documentantion

> As for today, I am **very happy** to announce that the Biome project enters in a collaboration with [Sarah](https://bsky.app/profile/sarah11918.rainsberger.ca) and [Yan](https://bsky.app/profile/yanthomas.dev)!

Reviewer: nit: include last names?

Author: I might add Sarah's, but Yan doesn't want to share it

Reviewer: I mean, is it not already in his bluesky handle?

Author: Nope :)

Author: Spoke with them, they are fine with last names

<div style={{ minWidth: "200px" }}>
  <img
    src="https://media3.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExNHEzMzhiYjVtbWgzcnBobGRmYW8xaHlob3RpaWZ1eWdxZWI5N3J1MyZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/11sBLVxNs7v6WA/giphy.gif"
    width="100%"
  />
</div>

Sarah and Yan are the main reasons why [Astro docs](link to docs astro ) are so good, and why Astro has the [highest satisfaction rate](https://2025.stateofjs.com/en-US/libraries/meta-frameworks/) among the web frameworks. They are a rock star team and come with my highest recommendation.

> Sarah has been working with Astro for at least three years; she fostered a very welcoming community and taught a lot of people how to help others. She was also one of the MC at ViteConf together with [patak](https://bsky.app/profile/patak.cat). She also spoke at [ViteConf 2025](https://youtu.be/bzogTYPv65M?si=992hUoseHoQc5L6f), explaining how meaningful contributions often come from the docs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sarah has been working with Astro for over four years; she fostered a very welcoming community and taught a lot of people how to help others. She was also one of the MC at ViteConf together with [patak](https://bsky.app/profile/patak.cat). She also spoke at [ViteConf 2025](https://youtu.be/bzogTYPv65M?si=992hUoseHoQc5L6f), explaining how meaningful contributions often come from the docs.
```
I think "over..." is more expected than "at least", so I'd probably say this, if you want! (Yan is probably also over 4 years? Or close enough to it to just say "four years"?) @yanthomasdev can say for sure!

Reviewer 3: Close enough! It will be four years in less than two months, so I guess we can consider it to be four.
